---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-15T11:16:19.525Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-15T10:45:58.524Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-15-a97c2327-7d5a-4962-b9b5-71a1b6e7576a.md
published: true
url: a97c2327-7d5a-4962-b9b5-71a1b6e7576a/index.html
_type: Article

---
HOW DOES IT WORK?

MMM is a community of people providing each other financial help on the principle of gratuitousness, reciprocity and benevolence. We use BITCOIN infrastructure in our transactions. 

In MMM you don't have to make contracts or pledge your property. In MMM there are no lenders and no debtors. Everything is very simple: one participant asks for help --- another one helps.
The only thing that MMM demands from its participants is to be honest and kind to each other. You ask for financial help when you need it, you give financial help when you are able to do it. 

In their transactions MMM participants operate with BITCOINS. It is the best possible way to organize smooth transfers between participants from different countries. Like BITCOIN causes revolution in financial relations, so MMM causes revolution in social relations between people. 

This combination of MMM and BITCOIN ideas of fair and free financial system makes possible for us to establish significant changes in modern world.

VERY IMPORTANT! 

There is no сentral account, where all the money flows to (and where it can be easily stolen from :-)). All the money is distributed between the participants themselves! On a lot of thousands and millions accounts. Participants transfer BITCOINS directly to each other, without intermediaries! (What are they for? :-)) 

In fact, MMM only regulates the process and nothing more.
I.e. the System completely belongs to people. Without fools! It is a real mutual aid fund, where ordinary people help each other.
How does it work technically? You declare the willingness to give help (click in your Personal Office (hereinafter PO) "Provide Help"), after that your account will be credited with Mavro (internal currency of the System). 

Mavro's amount will start to grow from the moment of deposit. And the rate of growth is from 20% to 100% per month. (Calculation of interests occurs every day at 00:00 GMT.) This sum in Mavro shows how much money you can request to withdraw.
What this scale (20% --- 100%) means? We make the participation in MMM Global more attractive and useful for everybody. We encourage our participant to be involved in development of MMM Global. Due to these reasons we've established MMM Extra. This model allows each participant to get 100% per month!

This new model itself is database of web-tasks available in your Personal Office and designed to promote MMM worldwide. We offer you an opportunity to perform these tasks in your PO and as a reward your Mavro will grow up to 100% per month. In your Personal Office you just need to buy special Mavro (Mavro-Extra). After buying these Mavro you have to go to the appropriate section in your PO, which is called MMM Extra. On the Extra's main page you will find the list of current web-tasks. In order to make your Mavro grow up to 100% per month you have to perform these tasks on daily basis and your Mavro will grow on daily basis as well. Together with these tasks you will find all the necessary instructions, recommendations and screenshots. 

So it will be very easy for everybody to complete any task from the list. But if you do not perform any task from MMM Extra your Mavro will grow at the rate of 20% per month only, which is still not bad. The conclusion is: if you perform tasks from MMM Extra every day, your Mavro will grow at the rate of 100% per month; if you don't perform any task, your Mavro will grow at the rate of 20% per month only.
Let's consider an example now. Say, you have announced willingness to provide help in amount of $100\. You will be credited in your PO with 100 Mavros. And they will immediately start to grow every day! But the rate of growth directly depends on your activity. If you perform tasks every day, you get 100% per month. It means, that in a month your initial 100 Mavros will turn into 200 Mavros. 

Accordingly, you will be able to request assistance for $200 at the current BITCOIN exchange rate.
However, it is not necessary to wait for a month. Help can be requested at any time. But only after confirmation of your Mavros. What does "after confirmation" mean? It means only after your BITCOIN transfer, when you really provide assistance to another participant. (But not just declare willingness. :-)) Order for providing help comes to you in your Personal Office. If you do not complete it within 36 hours, you will be removed from the System!
In cases of any questions regarding the topic your upline managers are ready to help and answer all your questions.
Please note that 30% a month can't be considered as a yield (we are the mutual aid fund), and nobody promises or guarantees to pay it! Read over THE WARNING.